Fix/loading (#34)
vtex-apps/add-to-cart-button: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Fix minicart breaking if product category tree query resolvers before the whole product query.
> - Use proper for product in ProductContextState.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minicart breaking if product category tree query resolves before the whole product query.
- Use proper type for `product` in `ProductContextState`.
```
